Facebook 

5857661187

pssw Honey@123


Hi Dean,

Here is a start. I kind of followed the web page stuff from another group-I sent it to you earlier today. Feel free to arrange as you feel is best! I need to sed you some pictures yet. I am not sure where or how you tell them to follow a link to the Facebook page…

Pictures tomorrow or later today shall I say.

I can’t tell you how much I appreciate your help!!!

Thank you,

Ruth

 

 

Photo-white Roses, blue carnation  or something symbolic of NHG-I will find

 

Finger Lakes Nurse Honor Guard

 

Our Mission

The Finger Lakes Nurse Honor Guard is privileged to recognize and honor those who have dedicated their lives to serving others in their chosen profession as a nurse at the end of their life journey. The honor guard’s presence provides meaningful recognition and honor to a nurse who has passed, and in hopes of easing the grief of their family members, loved one’s and colleagues.

 

Vision

Our vision is that no nurse is forgotten. We will provide recognition and honor to every nurse at the end of life upon the family’s request.

All cultural and spiritual diversities will be discussed with the Honor Guard and Funeral Director prior to the tribute ceremony. 

All services will occur totally free of charge.

 

( photos of group, board members, tributes ad activities )

 

Who We Are

  We are an incredible group of volunteer nurses from the Finger Lakes area,  Registered Nurses or Licensed Practical Nurses, Student Nurses, and Nurse Practitioners who pay homage to a nurse who has dedicated their life to serving others in their chosen profession as a nurse at the end of their life journey. It is a heartwarming and truly meaningful way to serve others as we pay honor to our colleagues at the time of their passing.

 

The honor guard can be present at a funeral, memorial service, celebration of life service, or graveside service and provides meaningful recognition with a short but very moving tribute ceremony in honor of the nurse.

We can also provide Living Tributes for nurses in the last season of their life.

 

We serve Ontario County, Senecca County, Wayne County, and Yates County and welcome new members to join us in serving our fallen colleagues

 

Spotlight-Need a better name but this will be for a recent activity, event  

(photo and text )

 

A Tribute Ceremony-What to Expect

Tribute Ceremonies can be held in different locations:

Funeral Home
Church or place of worship
Graveside
Memorial Services
Other Services

A living tribute for your loved one during the last season of their life
Community engagements and speaking engagements as available
 

  

The Finger Lakes Nurse Honor Guard will attend a tribute ceremony in traditional uniform. Women dress in a traditional white uniform and shoes; a cape and cap complete their uniform. Men also dress in a traditional white uniform and white shoes with a navy and red vest that compliments the woman’s cape.

The honor guard will present the “Nightingale Tribute” placing a white rose on or near the casket, or it is presented to a family member which exemplifies the honor and appreciation for the nurse’s devotion to their chosen profession.
A blue carnation will also be placed on or near the urn or casket or presented to a family member representing peace and serenity.
A Nightengale lamp will be presented to the family in honor of their loved one
The last call for duty will be done-the nurses name is called 3 times and a chime is rung each time before releasing the nurse from her nursing duties
The Nurses Prayer is read ending the tribute ceremony
 

The Nurse Honor Guard can be present at the casket or urn at the family’s request
The Nurse Honor Guard can be a pallbearer at the family’s request
 

The Nightengale tribute ceremony is short but very moving and meaningful to all present

 

You Can Help Our Mission

Compassionate, Unselfish Caring, and Committed to Supporting and Serving Others, and One Another.

The Finger Lakes Nurse Honor Guard is a group of dedicated volunteer nurses who are committed to serve, to honor, and to recognize their colleagues at the end of their life journey. There is never any cost to their families.

All items used and presented during tribute ceremonies are made possible by community donations.  Any donations however small are very helpful.  

 

Donate button

 

Thank you for supporting our mission

To avoid the web fee charged to the no profit with your donation, you can mail a check to:

Kathy

 

Nurses Honored

 

 

A Thank You To Our Sponsors

( We will list sponsors )

 

Forever in Our Hearts: Treasured Memories

( photo gallery)  

 

Contacts:

Picture of Ruth

 

To request the presence of the Figer Lakes Nurse Honor Guard at your loved ones service please call:

Ruth Benjamin RN-BC,CRRN,CDDN,CHPN

Founder and President of Finger Lakes Nurse Honor Guard

Phone # 585-766-1187

 

 

Provide G-mail address

Send us a question or message:

Press button

Name

e-mail

Place for message

Phone number

Nurse credentials if wishing to join the FLNHG  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Ruth Benjamin RN-BC,CDDN, CRRN, CHPN

RN Cosultant

2nd Vice President, Developmental Disabilities Association

Founder and President of Finger Lakes Nurse Honor Guard

3rd Age Committee, Treasurer

Public Officer for the Surrogate Decision-Making Panel ( Justice Center for the Protection of People with Special Needs)

 

 

Phone: 585-766-1187

 

34 years of experiece as Director of Health Management and Research working with people with Intellectual and Developmental Disabiliies, Complex Medical Concerns, Aging, and End of Life Care

 
